how to basically open up ssh into your
ipod so you can delete realms you don't
want from our realms packages so first
off for this video you're going to need
to have openssh and sbsettings installed
and that's on your ipod now if you're on
a Mac you need cyberduck and if you're
on Windows you need Windows SCP now I'm
showing you the sound of Mac but it'll
be much the same on windows so now on
your iPod open up sbsettings and then
and then you'll see the Wi-Fi IP address
you're going to need that so then make
sure it says ftft SFTP ssh file transfer
then type in the address you see there
so 192.168 point 1 point 1 05 and then
once you have that in the make sure its
port 22 your username is root and your
default password is alpine but I change
your mind so uh and you can do this in
rock and you probably want to change
this because of the you know like
viruses that are now up for ipod so let
me type on it and then it should connect
and you want to allow it
and then make sure you in private VAR
then go to mobile media and rumps now
see if you just open them you'll see all
the roms you have installed you can just
delete them delete the ones you don't
want and saw more and that's pretty much
it when you do this you want to make
sure your iPods on the same network as
the computer using make sure you have
ssh and Wi-Fi on